(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Yuya)
My dad is really
on that ship?
Yeah.
I'm so sorry, Yuya.
We can't give up that easy!
Where are you going?
(Yuya)
To find another boat!
(horn blowing)
If it's a duel
that you want,
it's a duel that
you'll get, Dennis!
Oh I do want a duel‐‐
just not with you.
So, teach, tell me.
You up for putting your razzle
against my dazzle?
Zip it, red.
Huh?
Kite!
What a surprise!
The Professor is
holding Lulu hostage.
You're gonna tell me
where he's keeping her.
(both)
Let's duel!
(Kite)
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
I don't like
where this is going.
Go, Cipher Stream
of Devastation!
(cries out)
(screaming)
All the things I've done
and friends I've betrayed.
There's no coming back
from that.
Dennis.
Stay back!
There are two huge
towers at Duel Academy.
Rin's in the east tower,
Lulu's in the west.
Until next time!
Anyone have any luck?
Gong sure didn't.
Same with me‐‐ nothing.
There's not
a captain in sight!
We're completely landlocked.
(Celina)
Don't be so sure.
(Gong)
Is that...?
Celina!
Heard ya need a boat!
Well, I'm lookin'
for a crew!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's show time,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Sylvio)
No lap pool?
No first‐class cabins?
I'm already seasick.
We'll never make it
to Duel Academy
in this leaky piece
of driftwood.
(Cutter)
Arrrr!
Who's that insultin'
me vessel?
(Sylvio)
It's a pirate!
(Celina)
Meet Captain Cutter,
the skipper of this boat.
The Sea Weasel
be a stout ship.
Take me word for it,
laddie!
(anxious chuckle)
Aye‐aye, sir!
I'm so relieved, Celina.
I was scared
I'd never see you again!
You can't imagine
how worried I was
when you disappeared!
(Gong)
So like, what happened to ya?
(Celina)
I got hauled back to Duel
Academy and got locked up.
I thought about giving up,
but that's when I heard
through the grapevine
that the Lancers were
wreaking havoc with their plans.
That news gave me hope‐‐
enough hope to find
a way to break out
and escape
from the Professor
and go looking for you.
And here you are!
And I brought
good news with me.
I also found out where Rin
and Lulu are being held,
so we can rescue them
from the Professor.
(Zuzu)
That's the best news
I've heard in like forever!
Uh‐huh.
We owe you big time!
There's no need to thank me.
Friends should
look out for each other.
Yeah! All for one!
And one for all!
We all stick together.
Huh?
(Yuya)
Hey, that helicopter's
from Duel Academy!
(Sylvio)
Can't the Professor
just leave us alone,
even for a second?
(Gong)
Not when he's
afterCelina and Zuzu!
You gals should take cover!
Let's move!
There's plenty
hidin' spaces down below.
And just where do you two
think you're going?!
Hope you two gents
know the doggy paddle.
'Cause Gong here is about
to send you deep sea divin'!
(Zuzu gasps)
Wha‐‐? Zuzu?
(groaning)
What are you doing?
You're hurting me.
Let me go! Celina!
(groaning)
Stop it!
Hold it, laddie!
This here's my ship,
and I'm the only one
who'll be givin'
orders around here.
Haul 'em in!
(groaning)
Make 'em walk
the plank!
But Gong don't float!
Oh, no!
What's going on?
We've been shanghaied!
Hey, Celina!
Hope you brought a snorkel,
'cause when I get outta here,
you're goin' for a swim!
Save your breath.
You're going to need it.
Why, you...!
Avast!
Ye will have to get past me
to save yer friend.
Yuya!
Celina!
How could you do this?
Duel Academy, reporting
mission accomplished.
And by mission, you mean
lying to us, right?
I don't know
how could you throw away
our friendship like that.
I would never have done
that to you. Not ever.
Gong's so upset that
he climbed on board
and fell for
this dastardly trap
hook, line, and sinker!
I knew we shoulda
hitched a ride
on a luxury cruise ship.
Why'd we have to settle
for this rickety wreck?
You tricked us!
You're actually working
for Duel Academy!
(chuckles)
Ye may be right.
Change the heading
of this ship
and follow the copter!
Sure thing, but you
won't be settin' foot
on Duel Academy Island
ever again.
Why?
Because after I'm done
gettin' through with ya,
you'll be catchin' Zs
in Davy Jones' locker!
Oh, yeah? We'll see!
(computer voice)
Generating Action Field:
Crossover.
(both)
Let's duel!
I be seizin' the first turn!
To start, I'll be activatin'
me spell Polymerization
so that I can fuse
Skull Mariner
and Skull Knight #2
together!
By combinin' the fearsomest
ship in pirate lore
with the ghastliest
of medieval marauders,
I can summon the most
notorious buccaneer in history!
I Fusion Summon!
Welcome aboard,
Captain Lock!
(growling)
(gasps)
Huh!
With zero attack points,
he couldn't even
captain a dinghy.
Gong's thinkin' maybe
Cutter's tricorn
is too tight.
(chuckles)
Captain Lock's
a treacherous opponent.
With him onboard,
neither of us can summon
any monsters from our hands!
What!?
(sinister laughter)
(groaning)
I snagged meself
an Action Spell!
Power Gem will hoist up
Lock by 800 attack points!
(gasps)
(growling)
But the Captain's
got one drawback.
Y'see, if thar's
a monster on the field
with at least
1,000 attack points,
me poor ole' Captain
Lock will be destroyed.
But Yuya can't
summon a monster
to the field anymore,
so Lock's safe and sound!
No, not totally.
Yuya still has a
way
outta this mess.Huh?
Yeah, all I have to do
is raise Lock's points
to at least 1,000
and he'll be taken out
by his own special ability!
That'll be harder
than ye think!
But it's yer turn, lad,
so give it yer best shot!
Oh, I will! Hmm!
(thinking)
I don't have
anything in my hand
that will raise
Captain Lock's attack points.
(thinking)
But an Action Card might!
Time to roll!
Oh, yeah!
(growls)
Heave to, y' rogue!
(grunting)
Huh?
Nice!
I'll activate
the Action Spell Fire Gem
to launch a broadside
that'll trim yer sails!
(groaning)
(sinister laughter)
(grunting)
(grunts)
Hit the deck!
(groaning)
Wha‐‐?
Don't ye dare!
Aw, yeah!
(growls)
What?!?
This Action Card deals
damage to myself!?
It seems that
instead of treasure,
your card turned out
to be fool's gold!
(sinister laughter)
(thinking)
What should I do?
I'm only allowed to have
one Action Card at a time,
so if I want another one,
I have to play this one first.
You know what they say,
no pain, no gain!
I activate Crystal Gem
and lose 600 life points.
(groaning)
(screaming)
(sinister laughter)
Ah! I salute y', laddie!
Now let this old pirate
show ye how to win a duel!
(sinister laughter)
I'll be takin' a shot
across the bow at ye
with another Fire Gem
Action Spell card!
(screaming)
(groaning)
Yuya's life points
keep goin' down in flames!
C'mon, little buddy!
Knock the barnacles
off this buffoon!
(thinking)
I want to, Gong,
but so far,
this ship has been
nothing but a wreck for me.
There's gotta be
an action card somewhere
that'll help me out.
Yer pooped out,
but I'm spry as a dolphin!
(thinking)
It'll be hard to shake him,
because if I can't find
a way to summon my monsters,
he'll always
have a leg up on me.
Huh? A leg up. Ah!
Maybe I do have
a chance! Hmm!
Admit that yer
out of yer league, lad.
Take me advice
and strike yer colors.
Huh?
What's this!?
He's layin' it
all on the line!
That move is almost
as daring and brilliant
as something I would
have dreamed up!
(thinking)
C'mon, Action Cards,
where are you?
Bingo!
Oh, no, y' don't!
Hard rudder!
Aye, Captain!
Huh? Whoa!
(screaming)
Yuya!
Y u y a !
(sinister laughter)
(screaming)
Yuya!
Y u y a !
(Crow)
Step on it, Declan!
We only got
one shot at this!
Raikiri, grab Yuya!
Uh, Raikiri?
(Riley)
Yuya!
(Yuya)
Riley and Crow!
I saw that coming
from a dimension away.
Hmm?
Well, hello.
You guys need a lift?
Arrr!
Vilesome dogs!
Huh? A card!
(sinister laughter)
Next time, don't hitch
a ride from pirates!
Thanks for
the save back there!
How did you track us down?
(Sora)
Who cares?
We saved your butt!
(Yuya) Sora?
But it still needs
a little savin'.
(Cutter)
Arr! You can't be
abandonin' ship
in the middle of a duel!
You see?
Fine. I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
It's me turn again!
I draw!
I'll be activatin'
the spell Battle At Sea!
Now, whenever one o' me
Water Attribute monsters
attacks ye rascally rats,
ye'll be sufferin'
double the damage!
(all gasp)
(sinister laughter)
Ye had best be
battenin' down the hatches,
'cause Captain Lock will be
bombardin' yer boat directly!
(growling)
Huh?
(all screaming)
(thud)
(groaning)
Yuya!
With that,
I'll end me turn!
I have this!
(computer voice)
Intrusion penalty:
2,000 life points.
(groaning)
What?
Ha! If it isn't that renegade
rapscallion, Sora Perse!
Nice to see you, too, Cap.
I see y' still
like dressing up
in Halloween costumes!
And I see you're still
running off at the mouth!
(dismissive chuckle)
I mean, uh,
yer runnin' with
the enemy, ye traitor!
Surrender now and
I'll ask the Professor
to have mercy
on yer treacherous soul.
His pirate act is
getting on my nerves.
(groaning)
But I'll play along
for now, Cap.
I'll be more than happy
to sink you and your ship!
Sora, a word, if I may.
It behooves me
to inform you
of Captain Lock's
special ability.
You mean the part
about how I can't summon
a single monster
from my hand
as long as Captain Lock
remains on the field,
so my opponent
has all the advantage?
So even though you knew you
couldn't summon a monster,
you still decided to butt in?
Not exactly the smartest
move ever, bub.
Maybe if I had
your limited skills.
Whatnow?
It doesn't say I can't
summon any monsters.
I just can't summon
any monsters from my hand.
But with Polymerization,
I can Fusion Summon
a monster from my extra deck,
so that's exactly what
I'm about to do, Sylvio.
Gong's gotta admit,
it's a good thing
the only person
around here
with your set o' skills,
Sylvio, is you.
Come now, Gong,
I knew that.
I was just testing Sora to
see if he could figure it out.
It's time to make some
waves, cause I'm fusing
my Edge Imp Tomahawk and
my Fluffal Octopus! Hah!
Blades of steel
and monster of the deep,
when the two come together,
your heart will skip a beat!
I Fusion Summon!
Hold on to your pirate hat,
'cause you're about to face
a seafarer's worst nightmare!
It's Frightfur Kraken!
(growling)
Y' see, my Kraken has more
than 1,000 attack points,
so Captain Lock
will have to pay the price
of his special ability
and cash in his doubloons!
(growling)
Arrr! Big deal!
You haven't won yet!
I activate the trap card
Perished Pirate!
Now, by negating
its special abilities,
it revives Captain Lock
from Davey Jones locker!
What's more, ye filthy
worms, once per turn,
by equipping a monster in my
graveyard onto Captain Lock,
me Captain gains
that monster's attack points.
Me choice be Skull Mariner!
(sinister laughter)
(growling)
Then I'll use me Action Card!
Thanks to Power Gem,
Captain Lock will be
as hail an' hearty
as any scoundrel
that sailed the seas!
Watch as them thar
attack points go sky high.
(growling)
(sinister laughter)
Yer puny octeepus
can't do a lick o' damage
to me pirate monster now!
Attack us,
an' ye'll be shark grub!
(sinister laughter)
We'll have the last laugh!
Err?
I play a trap!
Performapal teamwork!
Now I can equip
a Performapal
that has 1,000
attack points or less
to Sora's Fusion Monster!
(growling)
So I'm equipping my
Performapal Swordfish
onto Frightfur Kraken!
Err!
Now that Kraken
can swing this blade,
it gains double
Swordfish's attack points!
(growling)
His monster is as powerful
as a battle frigate now!
Thanks for the help, Yuya.
Yeah!
Frightfur Kraken, put the
squeeze on Captain Lock!
All right now. Attack!
(growling)
(groaning)
(laughing)
Oh, and it's not over yet!
Thanks to its special
ability, Frightfur Kraken
can attack twice during
each and ev'ry turn!
Shiver me timbers!
Now get crackin', Kraken.
Slash and squeeze
the Captain
and end this duel!
(growling)
(screaming)
(whimpering)
(Sora)
All ahead full!
After 'em, mateys!
Starboard, ho!
What's that, Moon Shadow?
Did you take a souvenir
from the pirate ship?
(whimpering)
Aah!
(groaning)
(Cutter)
Yer makin' me dizzy,
y' dolts!
Curse them loathsome Lancers!
I'll get me revenge!
(Sora)
Happy sailing, Captain!
(Yuya)
I thought you were still
in the Synchro Dimension.
We were, but now
that we restored peace
between Topsiders
and Commons,
we're here to put an end
to my father's
interdimensional war.
At last!
That's great!
It is.
We helped with
the heavy lifting,
but once things were cool,
we decided it was time
to go look for you lot.
Figured you could
probably use my help.
And‐‐ and I can help
you guys out as well.
That's a tall order.
Don't spoil the moment!
Then let's go rescue Zuzu!
And save Celina, too.
Celina?
The Celina I know
would never in a million years
double‐cross us!
There's gotta be a reason
why she did what she did,
and I'm gonna find out why!
(Sora)
Well, I might
know why, maybe.
I heard this crazy rumor
that there's someone
working for the Professor
who can take total control
of other people's minds.
If that's true,
that'd explain it!
(thinking)
And I bet they're gonna
brainwash Zuzu next.
Lancers, it's finally time!
We are going
to Duel Academy
to take down my father
and put an end
to this
interdimensional war,
and we can only
do this as a team.